I've had my hands on the LGG watch for
about a week now and today I'm gonna be
showing you what I have going on on my
LG G watch and some of the cool stuff I
found guys let's get started so of
course before you have anything on your
watch whatever app you want to install
for it you need to find it from the Play
Store and install it on your phone now
the first stop we're taking a look at is
called where mini launcher and this is
by far the coolest thing that I have
found for the G watch so far and as you
can see it's basically like a custom
launcher when we open up the app on her
phone we get different options like
changing the drawer style we can go and
change how many columns we want we can
also go change the app size and
basically what this app does is it
allows you to get to the apps on your
Android wear device a lot easier so for
example here's the LG G watch and to get
into your app drawer you actually have
to go through a lot of these steps as
you can see and basically what we're
mini launcher does is it gives you a
quicker way to access those apps all you
really have to do is swipe from the left
side and as you can see it opens up a
sort of app drawer or launcher you can
see it puts them in a really nice and
fashion order and of course as I showed
you before you could go and you could
customize the columns how big you want
the icon so you could fit a lot more
icons in there if you want and the
coolest thing about this is if you
actually swipe again to the left so if
we swipe one more time we get even more
settings we could go through as you can
see we can go and customize the
brightness of our Android wear watch we
could also see the battery that our
phone has in our Android wear watch and
we can control different tasks from our
phone like the Wi-Fi and some of the
sound controls so just a quick example
of how you can open up an app you just
swipe over and here's a calculator app
that I installed and as you can see you
could play around with it right from
there instead of having to go through
Google now and all of that hassle they
put you through so when it comes to
vases on the LGG watch I haven't found
that many that I like yet I am using one
that came pre-installed with the G watch
and it's called D etre I have no idea if
I'm pronouncing that correctly and I did
install one third-party watch face and
that one's called words clock so I don't
really use it that much it's pretty nice
as you can see it just kind of puts the
time in words at the top and as you can
see if we let the screen dim the weather
kind of goes in nicely with there
basically any notification that you have
there so let's just let it dim and as
you can see it looks pretty nice when
it's on actually the wallpaper in the
back that you saw changes so if we turn
it back on as you can see it does have
blue sky right now but again it changes
you could tell from the main picture so
that's pretty cool watch face I don't
really use it that much but hopefully in
the near future there will be some new
watch faces coming the next thing I'm
going to show you guys is for more view
Twitter users and this app is called
bunting so once you install it very easy
to basically get it running on your
watch you just sign in to your Twitter
account and it will automatically sync
with your Android wear watch no other
settings you can really play around with
so just make sure to install it and
sign-in then all we have to do is open
it up on our phone so we're gonna swipe
over to my app drawer and as you can see
there it is bunting and once you open it
up we get three different options we get
the option to tweet our timeline and our
profile and we actually get a fourth one
to open it up on our phone so if we open
up timeline as you can see it basically
shows a couple of the latest tweets that
are on your timeline now as I noticed
there's only like a couple of them
there's like five or six but it's pretty
cool and it should update on a daily
basis from your phone so you can also
reply to them if you want using voice
dictation again we could also go to
profile then which I showed you before
and you can just basically check the
basic stuff of your profile like
followers the tweets you've done and we
can also open it up on our phone and the
coolest thing is that we can actually
tweet from our watch so as you can see
we click tweet we could say anything
into Google now for example video and
give it a little time to load you could
always cancel it by clicking the X
button and once it's loaded it will send
the tweet the next step I quickly wanted
to show you guys it's called weird calc
and this is another app that you just
install from the Play Store and it's
basically just the calculator for your
watch now I found this really useful
just because you don't have to pull your
phone out and it's a pretty basic small
calculator that you can use it's more
for getting some easy math done and I
doubt I'll be helping here during any
tests last but not least we have a game
that I quickly wanted to show you guys
and it's called floppy droid and you
install this on your phone again it's a
very basic game it's actually based off
of floppy bird flappybird I don't even
remember the name anymore that game is
gone but it's a pretty fun game I guess
to waste some time on your watch now
it's more of a good sign that we are
gonna get some pretty cool games in the
future and just the capabilities that
these Android wear smartwatches will
have so as much as I really don't want
to play this game it's just a good sign
for the future of Android wear as I hope
you enjoyed this quick video of what I
have going on on my LG G watch I'll be
bringing a lot of coverage with this
watch and Android wear in general in the
future and I'm really excited with what
Android wear has to bring this isn't
even the best hardware and it still has
me used to get more than pebble steel
just because of all the awesome features
and development that it already has guys
I hope you enjoyed this video and thanks
for watching